README.md, before:

# kmille-meta
Overview of what I do

# Coding & Automation
- [deezer-downloader](https://github.com/kmille/deezer-downloader) - Download music from Deezer with a nice front end
- [IRCme](https://github.com/kmille/IRCme) - Simple IRC Notification framework for regular tasks
- [ingdiba-api](https://github.com/kmille/ingdiba-api) - Playing around with the ING DiBa Showcase API (https://developer.ing.com/openbanking/)
- [cda-garbage](https://github.com/kmille/cda-garbage) - sends you an IRC notification if the garbage will be fetched tomorrow
- [hshltsbch](https://github.com/kmille/hshltsbch) - hshltsbch - managing expenses with flask
- [investment-academy-downloader](https://github.com/kmille/investment-academy-downloader) - Downloader für die Investment Punk Academy
- [timetracking](https://github.com/kmille/timetracking) - Tracking working hours with nfc tags
- [uno](https://github.com/kmille/uno) - a web based uno with websockets without flash
- [lalala](https://github.com/kmille/lalala) - simple crawler for http://usdb.animux.de
- [aldi-talk-parser](https://github.com/kmille/aldi-talk-parser) - Parser for the MEIN ALDI-TALK website to get the history of internet volume consumption
- [critical-mass-calender-generator](https://github.com/kmille/critical-mass-calender-generator) - Some snippets to generate a ical for critical mass events
- [learning-python](https://github.com/kmille/learning-python) - Learning python by coding python
- [make-the-internet-usable](https://github.com/kmille/make-the-internet-usable) - some Tampermonkey scripts
- [jugend-hackt-twitter](https://github.com/kmille/jugend-hackt-twitter) - Twitter api examples in python for #jugendhackt
- [webprogrammierung-mit-flask](https://github.com/kmille/webprogrammierung-mit-flask) - einfache python backends schreiben mit python (Jugend hackt)

# IT-Security
- [pentest-wiki](https://github.com/kmille/pentest-wiki) - pwnig all the (web)things
- [PlainSSL](https://github.com/kmille/PlainSSL) - Hooking calls to libssl (openssl) to decrypt ssl traffic
- [blind-sql-injection-playground](https://github.com/kmille/blind-sql-injection-playground) - library for exploiting blind SQL injections with xpath (MySQL + sqlite3)
- [padding-oracle-playground](https://github.com/kmille/padding-oracle-playground) - Playing around with Padding Oracle attack
- [cryptopals.com-solutions](https://github.com/kmille/cryptopals.com-solutions) - solutions for the https://cryptopals.com challenges
- [android-pwning](https://github.com/kmille/android-pwning) - man in the middle stuff and android foo
- [oscp](https://github.com/kmille/oscp) - Preparation for the oscp exam
- [rusted-in-the-air](https://github.com/kmille/rusted-in-the-air) - Find inconsistencies between two systems (for priv esc misconfiguration or overwritten binary in a forensic case)
## CTF challenges
- [broken-challenge-response](https://github.com/kmille/broken-challenge-response) - challenge for the MRMCD 2018 ctf
- [mrmcd-kipass](https://github.com/kmille/mrmcd-kipass) - capture the flag challenge (crypto)


# Linux & Debugging
- [dkim-verify](https://github.com/kmille/dkim-verify) - Verifying a DKIM-Signature by hand
- [notp](https://github.com/kmille/notp) - Playing around with one-time-passwords (and yubikey NEO)
- [cloud-backup](https://github.com/kmille/cloud-backup) - Simple distributed automated tested free cloud backup with rclone and borg (aka: put your borg backups in da cloud)
- [unix-socket-proxy](https://github.com/kmille/unix-socket-proxy) - Looking into UNIX domains socket traffic (e. g. docker)
- [offsite-backups](https://github.com/kmille/offsite-backups) - scripts I use for my offsite backups
- [working-pulseaudio-over-network](https://github.com/kmille/working-pulseaudio-over-network) - Working pulseaudio Configuration for the banana pi
- [dotfiles](https://github.com/kmille/dotfiles) - my dotfiles
- [music-ansible](https://github.com/kmille/music-ansible) - Deploy the deezer-downloader with ansible
- [nfs-systemd-ha](https://github.com/kmille/nfs-systemd-ha) - vagrant test environment for mounting a nfs share with systemd instead of /etc/fstabs

Commit message:

Add nfs-systemd-ha repo

README.md, after:

# kmille-meta
Overview of what I do

# Coding & Automation
- [deezer-downloader](https://github.com/kmille/deezer-downloader) - Download music from Deezer with a nice front end
- [IRCme](https://github.com/kmille/IRCme) - Simple IRC Notification framework for regular tasks
- [ingdiba-api](https://github.com/kmille/ingdiba-api) - Playing around with the ING DiBa Showcase API (https://developer.ing.com/openbanking/)
- [cda-garbage](https://github.com/kmille/cda-garbage) - sends you an IRC notification if the garbage will be fetched tomorrow
- [hshltsbch](https://github.com/kmille/hshltsbch) - hshltsbch - managing expenses with flask
- [investment-academy-downloader](https://github.com/kmille/investment-academy-downloader) - Downloader für die Investment Punk Academy
- [timetracking](https://github.com/kmille/timetracking) - Tracking working hours with nfc tags
- [uno](https://github.com/kmille/uno) - a web based uno with websockets without flash
- [lalala](https://github.com/kmille/lalala) - simple crawler for http://usdb.animux.de
- [aldi-talk-parser](https://github.com/kmille/aldi-talk-parser) - Parser for the MEIN ALDI-TALK website to get the history of internet volume consumption
- [critical-mass-calender-generator](https://github.com/kmille/critical-mass-calender-generator) - Some snippets to generate a ical for critical mass events
- [learning-python](https://github.com/kmille/learning-python) - Learning python by coding python
- [make-the-internet-usable](https://github.com/kmille/make-the-internet-usable) - some Tampermonkey scripts
- [jugend-hackt-twitter](https://github.com/kmille/jugend-hackt-twitter) - Twitter api examples in python for #jugendhackt
- [webprogrammierung-mit-flask](https://github.com/kmille/webprogrammierung-mit-flask) - einfache python backends schreiben mit python (Jugend hackt)

# IT-Security
- [pentest-wiki](https://github.com/kmille/pentest-wiki) - pwnig all the (web)things
- [PlainSSL](https://github.com/kmille/PlainSSL) - Hooking calls to libssl (openssl) to decrypt ssl traffic
- [blind-sql-injection-playground](https://github.com/kmille/blind-sql-injection-playground) - library for exploiting blind SQL injections with xpath (MySQL + sqlite3)
- [padding-oracle-playground](https://github.com/kmille/padding-oracle-playground) - Playing around with Padding Oracle attack
- [cryptopals.com-solutions](https://github.com/kmille/cryptopals.com-solutions) - solutions for the https://cryptopals.com challenges
- [android-pwning](https://github.com/kmille/android-pwning) - man in the middle stuff and android foo
- [oscp](https://github.com/kmille/oscp) - Preparation for the oscp exam
- [rusted-in-the-air](https://github.com/kmille/rusted-in-the-air) - Find inconsistencies between two systems (for priv esc misconfiguration or overwritten binary in a forensic case)
## CTF challenges
- [broken-challenge-response](https://github.com/kmille/broken-challenge-response) - challenge for the MRMCD 2018 ctf
- [mrmcd-kipass](https://github.com/kmille/mrmcd-kipass) - capture the flag challenge (crypto)


# Linux & Debugging
- [dkim-verify](https://github.com/kmille/dkim-verify) - Verifying a DKIM-Signature by hand
- [notp](https://github.com/kmille/notp) - Playing around with one-time-passwords (and yubikey NEO)
- [cloud-backup](https://github.com/kmille/cloud-backup) - Simple distributed automated tested free cloud backup with rclone and borg (aka: put your borg backups in da cloud)
- [unix-socket-proxy](https://github.com/kmille/unix-socket-proxy) - Looking into UNIX domains socket traffic (e. g. docker)
- [offsite-backups](https://github.com/kmille/offsite-backups) - scripts I use for my offsite backups
- [working-pulseaudio-over-network](https://github.com/kmille/working-pulseaudio-over-network) - Working pulseaudio Configuration for the banana pi
- [dotfiles](https://github.com/kmille/dotfiles) - my dotfiles
- [nfs-systemd-ha](https://github.com/kmille/nfs-systemd-ha/tree/master) - vagrant test environment for mounting a nfs share with systemd instead of /etc/fstabs
- [music-ansible](https://github.com/kmille/music-ansible) - Deploy the deezer-downloader with ansible
- [nfs-systemd-ha](https://github.com/kmille/nfs-systemd-ha) - vagrant test environment for mounting a nfs share with systemd instead of /etc/fstabs
